and there people are all good here who is
Talking is the cat of the jack channel and today
I'm making a video of a box from
died seven that I bought will start
since brightness is reset ooo philips fhm
1900 to open here advertising of
perfume
here is my guarantee i think it hit
pet is already full of favor
go to peri
the best thing you have here is how
I recycle, I think the game is here for
My 7-year-old's house is pretty handsome.
here it seems like a guy who says he likes
kissing on the mouth
open the box ready
the headset with one more bubble
Wow, he's pretty big and I thought
it is a bit small but not big
Any two inputs here a comic
phone and microphone audio and a portion
I mean it seems to be well
Comfortable up to 30 on cro phone which by
very small signal
now I'm going to make a geese and with him and there
You will hear the quality of it too.
not to mention the good things I do not
I have it and there that will in a moment
back
good guys, I came back here now you
listening to me through the microphone
headset and it's very good actually I
I surprised him
it is obvious that there is a microphone trailer
table but is a great microphone
He really took care of it and did not
Completed capita the voice well
now the audio since is also very good
headset the penny many things is
very clear the mystery is not
I'll bring some pores here that I
I found the microphone cable
small we do not change much in quality
still good
and could also lower and lower the volume and
increase volume by headset cable
Unfortunately, it does not have it so it does not have it.
has there in the market gives the command to
turn down the volume
It does not change much, it's a great
cost-effective I paid around 56
I real with shipping I paid R $ 12
freight or leave for about forty
six reais
I bought it on the cable site and I paid
with a bank slip so I do not know if
is 10 or 15% off who pays on the
Bank slip
I'm with the game here, it's b
He is totally in Portuguese and I
I'll bring him to the channel, yes he's a
rpg maker game and why I do not swallow
soon a bar after 41 game one of
anger because the computer does not
run the games
the maximum that the highlight that some
of playstation né
so it's really complicated, it's going to be games
I intend to buy a video card
silver xbox 360 games which is the console
that I have and that's it I think that already
I did the test and if the music is too
I liked playing it here.
good it has six months of guarantee by
website is over
We arrived here around two weeks was
two weeks I bought I do not think
April 30 and arrived here on the 14th of
May arrived here for two weeks and
That's it folks so I'm staying for
Here a hug to all of you and I am
going said